README.md, before:

# speedy-affect-scorer
The idea is to score basic afffects - quickly! As of now, the project also includes a 'corpus_builder.py' file which will most likely be seperated into a sperate project.

# Here is the scope, it's small
anticipation,
disgust,
fear,
joy,
sadness,
surprise,
and trust...

see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Plutchik

# Tech stack
It will use Flask to do the api, and NLTK to do some of the processing. It will probably also be structured in a way that it can be used in other projects, otherwise this wouldn't be MIT Licensed.


# Steps
* first, install virtualenv if not done so already -- https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html(https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html)
* then, run this command: $ virtualenv venv
* (make sure you get the'.'): $ . venv/bin/activate
* pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run Server

```
python app/runserver.py 5000
```


# Requirements

* Flask==0.10.1
* Flask-Cors==2.1.0
* itsdangerous==0.24
* Jinja2==2.8
* MarkupSafe==0.23
* six==1.10.0
* Werkzeug==0.11.3
* wheel==0.24.0
* nltk==3.2.1
* requests==2.10.0
* Flask-PyMongo==0.3.1
* pymongo==3.2.2



# CREDITS
```
To build a corpus ('Be Excellent to Each Other')
```

_Thesaurus service provided by words.bighugelabs.com (https://words.bighugelabs.com/api.php)_



# TODO:
-Break out the code that doesn't actually have anything to do with affect.

# License

MIT

Commit message:

added more corpus log files

README.md, after:

# speedy-affect-scorer
The idea is to score basic afffects - quickly! As of now, the project also includes a 'corpus_builder.py' file which will most likely be seperated into a sperate project.

# Here is the scope, it's small
anticipation,
disgust,
fear,
joy,
sadness,
surprise,
and trust...

see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Plutchik

# Tech stack
It will use Flask to do the api, and NLTK to do some of the processing. It will probably also be structured in a way that it can be used in other projects, otherwise this wouldn't be MIT Licensed.


# Steps
* first, install virtualenv if not done so already -- https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html(https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/installation.html)
* then, run this command: $ virtualenv venv
* (make sure you get the'.'): $ . venv/bin/activate
* pip install -r requirements.txt

# Run Server

```
python app/runserver.py 5000
```


# Requirements

* Flask==0.10.1
* Flask-Cors==2.1.0
* itsdangerous==0.24
* Jinja2==2.8
* MarkupSafe==0.23
* six==1.10.0
* Werkzeug==0.11.3
* wheel==0.24.0
* nltk==3.2.1
* requests==2.10.0
* Flask-PyMongo==0.3.1
* pymongo==3.2.2



# CREDITS
```
To build a corpus ('Be Excellent to Each Other')
```

_Thesaurus service provided by words.bighugelabs.com (https://words.bighugelabs.com/api.php)_



# TODO:
-Break out the code that doesn't actually have anything to do with affect.
-For the corpus, I don't do adjectives, so something to consider.

# License

MIT
